Add ComboboxSelect to unify Select and Combobox (#6832)
ariakit/ariakit: .changeset/300-combobox-labeling.md

---
"@ariakit/react-components": patch
"@ariakit/react": patch
---

Fixed Combobox list labeling

> Fixed [`ComboboxList`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-list) and [`ComboboxPopover`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-popover) so they use the closest [`ComboboxHeading`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-heading), [`ComboboxSelectLabel`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-select-label), or [`ComboboxLabel`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-label) as their accessible name unless they are explicitly named.

Author: This is just one sentence. This should be a one-paragraph changeset.

Author: Updated in `9a7cdc326`: the fix and contributor credit are now one Markdown paragraph in the changeset.

---
"@ariakit/react-components": patch
"@ariakit/react": patch
---

Fixed [`ComboboxList`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-list) and [`ComboboxPopover`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-popover) so they use the closest [`ComboboxHeading`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-heading), [`ComboboxSelectLabel`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-select-label), or [`ComboboxLabel`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-label) as their accessible name unless they are explicitly named.

> Thanks to [@georgekaran](https://github.com/georgekaran) for investigating the accessible-name gap and the separate label state needed to fix it.

Author: These should be in a single line.
```suggestion
Fixed [`ComboboxList`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-list) and [`ComboboxPopover`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-popover) so they use the closest [`ComboboxHeading`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-heading), [`ComboboxSelectLabel`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-select-label), or [`ComboboxLabel`](https://ariakit.com/reference/combobox-label) as their accessible name unless they are explicitly named. Thanks to [@georgekaran](https://github.com/georgekaran).
```

Author: Fixed in [`5a25c8627`](https://github.com/ariakit/ariakit/commit/5a25c8627): Applied the owner's literal suggestion in .changeset/300-combobox-labeling.md: joined the description and credit onto one line and reduced the credit to the bare "Thanks to [@georgekaran](https://github.com/georgekaran)." sentence, which is what ariakit-general-changeset requires for a single-paragraph entry (no "for ..." clause); all four reference links are unchanged and ComboboxHeading/ComboboxSelectLabel are verified exports of @ariakit/react (packages/ariakit-react/src/combobox.ts:46,100).
